I heard from your uncle that you really want to detoxify me
I just read the letter my father left me today
Father's letter means
That was my wish
Forcibly marry me into the royal family
He feels guilty
He apologized to me.
And told me if I could escape
I will leave Zhongzhao with you, His Royal Highness King Qi, and live in seclusion with you in the world
Generations have done this
No matter what happened to you with His Royal Highness the King of Qi
After I was just like the prime minister's mansion in the palace overnight
There's too much between you and me
In the past, Shen Qingyao only had eyes for piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
He Qin Wangning
But now I
I just want to live well if possible
I want to find out the truth about that year
Return the innocence of the Shen family
I've seen it right from the air these days
You really have changed a lot
Yes, I am no longer the Shen Xingyao in His Royal Highness Qi's memory
I am not worthy of His Highness' deep thoughts
But I can interpret it for His Highness
No
It's for you.
If you work hard for a while, you will soon be known by the emperor